(Channel 15ya X Google Gemini)
(Round 1, starring KARINA)
(<I'm KARINA In Real Life, But In
An Alternate World, I'm 21-Year-Old Ji Min?>)
(<Not the Met Gala, but the Maetdol Gala>)
(Who made each one, and how?)
(And who won?)
(The results of Round 1
will be revealed shortly)
(Nah Yung Suk vs. Junior Producer
with Google Gemini)
(June 8, 2026 (Mon),
eggiscoming headquarters)
Please pull it.
(The day the first mission theme was revealed)
(The scroll reveal)
Please pull it.
(Round 1 topic KARINA)
Wow...
(They met during <Chattering with Nah>)
Isn't she someone we met recently?
(Standing up)
(Repeating himself in a panic)
We met her recently, didn't we?
She has time?
She made time for this.
Oh...
(For this competition?)
Oh, she really didn't have to.
She must be busy with <LEMONADE> right now.
(Domestic promotions ended)
Promotions are over.
<LEMONADE> is over?
Really?
(Shoot set for the one day her schedule is free)
She does have overseas schedules,
but she gave us exactly one day.
(Pressure)
Ah, why go that far...
(More pressure)
Haha...
Why would she?
(KARINA made time for this competition)
She only had next Tuesday afternoon free for us.
(Q. How did you feel when you saw the topic?)
It was so different from what I expected,
so I was very surprised.
I honestly expected
someone who'd been on
an eggiscoming show.
But then, just as I said
I wanted to work with someone lively,
she's someone with so much charm,
so I'm excited and curious.
Then the shoot time
and logistics are really important.
From what time to what time can KARINA...
From 11 AM to about 5 PM.
(Total filming time, six hours)
Then you can take 11 to 12.
Why only until 12 PM?
(Joking)
And you can take the remaining two hours too.
You'd get KARINA twice.
Oh?
We could do it like that, right?
Uh, no.
(Firm)
(Haha)
She's quick.
(Q. What is your mindset going into the battle?)
My mindset?
Today, when Hyun Yong heard
I was going on this,
he told me...
to crush you.
(The junior producer's bold provocation)
"Hey, just wipe the floor with him."
- Oh...
- That's what he said.
So I'll try entering with that mindset.
As her senior of over 20 years,
do you have any advice for your junior?
That's right.
(Producer Nah's advice to the junior producer)
Actually...
this isn't about competing.
What I want to see through this is
how Gemini is used in planning
by young Ji In.
That's one thing, and second,
after all, Ji In is
the future of our company, right?
This young producer...
working with a popular cast member,
what kind of synergy she can build.
(This is why Producer Nah accepted the battle)
That's what I'm curious to see.
I really want you to try
everything you want, without holding back.
Because this kind of opportunity...
Getting to cast a great guest like that
doesn't happen every day
when you work as a producer.
(A chance to film with a great guest)
She's so easygoing and so beautiful.
She's such a great guest, so...
let's have a good match.
(Bow)
(And so the two producers' first battle began)
It's not a matter of who wins or loses.
In the end, with AI's help,
humanity creating higher-quality work is,
I believe, a 100 percent certain future.
What happens
when the youngest talent in our company
works with the latest technology
matters to me far more than winning or losing.
That's what I'm most curious about.
(Q. You're competing against Producer Nah)
As far as I know,
Yung Suk joined KBS in 2001,
and I was born in 2001.
The fact that I'm competing
against someone who's been a producer
for my entire life
makes me grateful and excited,
but I still want to try winning.
I'll do my best.
(They have just two days to plan)
(The two producers dive into planning)
(The junior producer stays glued
to her computer)
(Producer Nah paces, unable to sit still)
(From day one,
the two spent hours deep in planning)
(Current time, 12:40 AM)
(Producer Cheon Ji In leaves work)
(Current time, 12:50 AM)
Heading home.
(Both finally left work late at night)
(June 9 (Tue), Phone interview)
(The day of the phone interview)
(Q. How did you spend yesterday?)
Yesterday?
It was hard.
Ah...
I thought I knew...
a fair amount
about KARINA.
(The junior producer had a tough day)
I was already somewhat familiar with her.
But still, somehow...
(Thanks to Gemini)
I found a lot of fresh information,
and I spent the day racking my brain over
how to make her shine more
and make it fun to watch.
(Q. How did you use Gemini?)
Could you tell us how you used Gemini
and what information you got?
First, I got links
to YouTube content KARINA had appeared in,
(Producer Cheon Ji In's actual usage record)
and asked it to summarize
KARINA's traits that appeared there.
(KARINA's favorite drama)
If she likes <Boys Over Flowers> and such,
I wondered whether she liked
that early-2000s sensibility.
(Research feature)
So with the deep research feature,
I asked it to analyze
variety formats from the early 2000s too.
It scraped up a lot of information.
Up to now, what was widely known to the public
(Driver's license)
was the fact that she'd passed the written test.
That was actually the most recent information.
And Setlog?
(Daily record app)
She uploads Setlog,
and from there, Gemini told me
that she was practicing road driving.
(She found new information from Gemini)
(Meanwhile,
Producer Nah has also arrived at work)
(Q. How did you spend yesterday?)
I just watched YouTube...
trying to see...
when KARINA looks happiest on camera these days.
In any case, I want the guest to have fun.
For instance...
if this is a one-off event-type program,
I think the most important thing
is for the person appearing
to enjoy the shoot and leave happy.
(He looked up what the guest enjoys on YouTube)
So I wanted to see what she enjoys most.
(Phone interview begins)
(Producer Cheon Ji In's phone interview)
Should I call?
(Very nervous)
(KARINA)
(Her first cast interview as a producer)
Hello?
Hello.
Hello, I'm Cheon Ji In,
the junior producer from <Channel 15ya>.
Hello.
About the shoot next Tuesday,
- I wanted to ask you a few things.
- Yes.
(With Gemini, she starts the interview
based on prepared questions)
(Newly discovered information)
You said you like the drama <Boys Over Flowers>.
Ahahaha.
(Follow-up questions on what she found)
What is it about that drama that you like?
(More discovered information)
I heard you like soy milk noodles in the summer.
Oh, I do like it.
(aespa universe)
You're Rocket Puncher, right?
Punching machines and things like that...
Have you ever tried one?
(Also asks about an idea planned with Gemini)
At an arcade?
Oh, then...
May I brag about one thing?
Yes.
I just got my driver's license.
(Thanks to the proactive guest,
she gets useful information too)
All right, take care.
Yes, thank you.
(That wraps up the phone interview with KARINA)
(Next is Producer Nah's phone interview)
Hello?
Hello.
Oh, RINA.
(Producer Nah tries to lighten the mood
with a casual greeting)
Oh, thank you
for agreeing to do our program.
(He begins by expressing gratitude)
This is something
where you don't even know what you'll do.
I'm so grateful for the courage
to say yes without even knowing what it is.
I like taking on challenges.
All right, first, "likes challenges."
RINA's trait.
(Immediately noting the guest's traits)
"I like challenges."
That scares me.
Hahaha.
- Can you answer simply and honestly?
- Yes!
(Producer Nah's phone interview begins)
First.
(During the <Chattering with Nah> shoot)
When we met recently,
you said you were getting your license, right?
Oh, yes.
Uh, that...
Did you only pass the written test?
No way.
Right now...
About 30, 40 minutes ago,
I got my license,
and now I'm on my way to pick up the card.
Got it.
That's it.
(Very excited)
That's it. We've got it.
The show is set. We're done.
(He gets excited, not knowing
the junior producer already knows too)
Now when you see a steering wheel,
you can't wait to grab it, right?
I'm itching to.
Ahaha.
Next, I'll ask just a few more things.
(Questions begin in earnest)
Our shoot is next Tuesday, right?
How tired will you be
before and after the shoot?
What are your schedules before and after?
(Checks the guest's condition for shoot day)
Wait, I'll check now.
Normally, for meals,
what do you usually have for lunch and such?
What do you like to eat?
(Checks favorite foods and usual eating habits)
You probably eat something simple, right?
Between <Infinite Challenge>
and <2 Days & 1 Night>,
which do you like more?
(He also checks what kind of content she likes)
Why are you doing this?
(With tears in his eyes)
As far as I know, you're a huge fan
of <Infinite Challenge>.
You mentioned the cult recruiter episode, right?
Yes.
Back then, you had worries
and things were complicated,
so that was probably why, right?
Right.
What was your biggest worry then?
(Producer Nah smoothly continues
the phone interview)
Okay, I get it.
Time's up.
Huh? It's already over?
Uh, RINA...
I'll come up with a fun program,
so let's have a good shoot.
I'm looking forward to it.
I'll maintain my stamina for that day.
Yes, all right. Bye.
(He made full use of the ten-minute call)
Take care.
Oh, well,
(Smug)
I think I really hit the nail on the head.
I mean, did Ji In
not ask questions like this?
(Smug)
I guess Gemini didn't teach her
that part.
What the guest feels most stressed by,
what they most want to do,
and what they miss most.
That's how you get a full picture
of a person.
What I'm thinking now
is a huge project
that mixes all of this.
(He plans to mix all the information he got)
Mixing everything that came out.
(What kind of plan will it be?)
One big framework bringing it all together.
(Q. How will you prepare
for tomorrow's planning pitch?)
The pitch?
First, based on the plan,
I'll try to make it as intuitive as possible.
I'll use Gemini to create some images too,
and for the PPT,
I'll try using Gemini for the first draft.
(After finishing the short but important
phone interviews with the guest)
(The two producers continue preparing
for their planning pitches)
(June 10 (Wed), Planning pitch)
(The day of the planning pitch)
(<Channel 15ya> team meeting room)
What's with the applause?
Oh, we're just happy to see you.
(Producer Nah Yung Suk's planning pitch)
Isn't this applause a little too random?
Ah...
No one talks to me.
(Very lonely)
I really do feel lonely.
I mean, planning is supposed to be
producers and writers gathering
happily,
asking "What do you think?"
That's how it's supposed to work, right?
(This battle mission has to be handled alone)
And also,
I've never given a pitch in my life.
So I just need to tell you
what kind of show I'm making, right?
I'm really nervous.
(Planning pitch begins)
Let's start with the title.
(Very nervous)
(He begins presenting his plan to his juniors)
It sounds like
one of those modern web-novel titles.
This is the title I thought of.
<I'm KARINA In Real Life, But In
An Alternate World, I'm 21-Year-Old Ji Min ?>
That's the premise.
(Producer Nah's program)
The reason I thought of this is this.
Back when we...
recorded <Chattering with Nah> with aespa,
they talked about
"feeling stuck at a certain age."
"I feel like I'm stuck at 21."
(That line stuck in Producer Nah's mind)
I asked why and they talked about it.
Back then, ahead of debut, she was nervous,
she had so many thoughts,
and she was worried about
whether things would work out.
Of course,
this is a variety show meant to be fun,
but through this brief experience,
to the time when
she was anxious and the future was uncertain,
an alternate world,
let's send KARINA.
That's the concept.
(To leave KARINA with a vivid memory)
Though it'll be a brief experience.
So the genre is
(Role-Playing Game, RPG genre)
(Inspired by KARINA saying in the phone
interview that she likes game-like content)
I've never played an RPG before.
(Not confident)
And I was like,
"Is this okay?"
I've never played this kind of game.
So please take a look.
(A very new challenge for Producer Nah too)
I don't play games like this, so I'm not sure.
There's a coffee shop in Seoul.
(Item explanation begins in earnest)
This is a real coffee shop we'll need to rent.
Who is aespa's helper?
- Naevis?
- Naevis.
(Combined with aespa's universe)
There is an office worker
sitting alone with a laptop.
(Actor needed)
I'll ask a trainee to do it,
(Casting an actual trainee too)
and seat her there.
I want it to feel
like KARINA is talking to her past self.
(A heart-to-heart with the trainee)
Actually, this scene
is the most important scene to me.
This is a huge project.
(He really combined everything
from yesterday's interview)
It's a little loose.
(Producer Nah's planning pitch ends)
For now, that's the idea.
(Q. How did it feel to give the pitch?)
Thinking through it all alone
and laying that plan out
made me feel a little flustered.
What if people...
think this isn't fun?
That sense of tension I felt
when I was very young
came rushing back for the first time in so long,
and honestly, it threw me off.
(Q. The shoot is right around the corner)
I'll try to have fun shooting it.
It's been a while
since I've done something this different,
so honestly, it's fun.
So I'll try to make the shoot fun.
(The meeting room gets lively)
There you are.
(Bow)
(Producer Cheon Ji In's planning pitch)
Cheon Ji In.
- Cheon Ji In.
(The pitch begins in earnest)
Hello.
(Producer Cheon Ji In's program,
<Not the Met Gala, but the Maetdol Gala>)
I used the Gemini Nano Banana.
I am Cheon Ji In, presenting the plan for
<Not the Met Gala, but the Maetdol Gala>.
First, when I heard KARINA was the guest,
I did some research on my own
and had many conversations with Gemini.
The piece of information that stood out most
was KARINA's Met Gala debut.
I started with the keyword "Met Gala,"
and thought we could make something timely,
so with summer in mind,
I asked Gemini about KARINA.
Then Gemini told me
that "KARINA mentioned
soy milk noodles as a summer delicacy."
With "Met Gala" and "soy milk noodles"
as keywords,
since it's the "Met Gala,"
"Maetdol Gala."
(Embarrassed)
With a maetdol...
I thought, "grind beans with a millstone."
So I thought she could grind beans herself
with a millstone,
and make soy milk noodles herself.
That's how I came up with the idea.
With "soy milk noodles" and "millstone"...
(Producer Cheon Ji In made
intuitive images using Gemini)
(KARINA holding soy milk noodles
in front of a Met Gala red carpet)
With the "dol" just barely visible...
(Maetdol Gala invitation)
(Inside the office) there's a long staircase.
(A Maetdol Gala red carpet
inside the office building)
For the rooftop setup I actually imagined,
(Shoot setup image)
there'd be a wooden platform on the right,
and it would look something like this.
(Expected shot of KARINA grinding
with the millstone)
(The junior producer used Gemini
to make an intuitive pitch)
Thank you.
(Producer Cheon Ji In's planning pitch ends)
This time, I used Gemini to create
the setup and such.
So looking at those images
made me rethink a few parts too.
(Q. The shoot is right around the corner)
After putting in this much work,
I want to win.
(The junior producer prepared
through sleepless nights for two days)
After spending this much time...
I mean...
I want to win.
If I may say so, just this once.
(Her competitive spirit is fired up
for this battle)
Thank you.
(Everything is ready for the real shoot)
(How will the two producers' plans
play out on set?)
(June 16 (Tue), Main shoot)
(Finally, the shoot day)
(Which shoot starts first?)
(<Not the Met Gala, but the Maetdol Gala>)
(Just as planned with Gemini)
If we lay out the red carpet long like this,
(Cheon Ji In's imagination became reality)
with this hidden photo wall...
(June 16, 2026 (Tue), 8:30 AM)
Let's go.
(Someone arrives to cheers)
Hello.
The director has arrived.
(Producer Cheon, director of <Maetdol Gala>)
(Runs away)
(Planning image)
(The set from the plan now stands before Ji In)
How is it?
Oh, it's so good.
- Is it perfect?
- Yes.
Did you get some sleep?
I barely slept.
I woke up at 4,
then at 5,
then at 6,
then at 7.
(Q. What worries you most today?)
It's so hot,
so I'm worried she'll have a hard time
working the millstone.
(Q. What is your mindset today?)
"I am Nah Yung Suk."
I'll take it on with that mindset.
Thank you.
You can do it.
(The junior producer is brimming with spirit)
- Let's get to work.
- Yes.
(She first goes to find a senior producer)
(Bae Ye Jin/6th year/In charge of fixed cameras)
Do you want to check the fixed-camera angle?
Oh, yes.
(The junior producer starts checking
the setup in detail)
(Full shot)
That'll catch a full after the platform reveal,
(Tight shot)
so should this show the millstone and KARINA?
(She adjusts camera angles
on the spot with ease)
- After that reveal?
- Yes.
(Back full shot)
There's a rear wide camera here too.
Oh, this is a full back view.
(There are 23 fixed cameras to check)
(Ji Chang Gyu/Director
/Head of the camera team)
From the first floor, the follow shot
will be done by that director filming now.
(Camera team movements are checked too)
(Next, she meets...)
Thanks in advance.
You...
(Jeong Jeong Heon/5th year/Bodyguard role)
On the first floor,
KARINA will give you her ticket.
Then check the ticket in front of the elevator
and say, "You may enter."
(She explains today's role in detail)
Then get into the elevator with her.
Hello.
(Moon Da Som/Writer/Today's host)
So anyway...
(They coordinate the Maet Chance segment)
At first, say there's a human millstone chance.
Just that much.
"If you clear the Maet Quiz now,"
"you can use the human millstone."
And make (the quiz question) easy.
The Maet-ter is,
how old is KARINA?
(Reality check)
Is this okay?
Producer, is this the right tone?
- Yes.
- Oh, it is?
(Firm)
Okay, do it again. The Maet-ter is...
How old is KARINA?
(The director is satisfied)
(Meanwhile, the set springs into action
at the sound of someone coming up)
(Polite)
Hello.
(Who has everyone on edge?)
Oh, you laid a red carpet on the stairs?
(Rhee Myung Han/CEO
/Role of Seasonal Produce Doctor)
(The CEO gladly stepped up
at the junior producer's request)
Ji In will probably explain today's shoot.
(Pressure)
Sure, sure.
(A junior in her third year
is putting the CEO to work)
So, do you think you can win?
Ah.
(Boldly)
I can win.
(She starts with a nervous joke)
First,
this is called the "Maetdol Gala."
Maetdol...
Gala.
Do you know the Met Gala?
No, I don't.
That fashion magazine editor,
Anna Wintour, hosts this charity event.
(The junior Producer breaks it down for the CEO)
KARINA made her debut there this year.
So we turned that into "Maetdol" Gala.
The host of this Maetdol Gala
is Seasonal Produce Doctor Rhee Myung Han.
(His alter ego keeps getting busier)
Oh, this is a lot of pressure.
And when KARINA is working the millstone,
if she gets tired, she can use a chance.
Then as the Human Millstone... (you'll come out)
(Rhee Myung Han/CEO
/Seasonal Produce Doctor and Human Millstone)
This is pretty cult.
(The host feels burdened by his many roles)
Okay.
(Readily agrees)
Once we take a photo of the soy milk noodles
and then you eat it together, that's the end.
All right.
Thank you.
I'll see you later.
(She safely cleared the biggest hurdle)
(Near the end of setup,
Producer Ji In turns to Gemini)
Hey, Gemini.
Behind this photo wall,
I've set up a platform and a millstone.
When we remove the photo wall
and KARINA sees this setup,
how do you think she'll react?
Placing the millstone and platform
behind the photo wall
is a truly fresh attempt.
Modern Met Gala sensibility
combines with Korean traditional elements,
creating a very unique atmosphere.
(Gemini's glowing review puts her more at ease)
KARINA will feel the charm of this unexpected...
With the ingredients we discussed,
(She also checks the ingredients)
I set up the ingredients. What do you think?
Wow, the ingredients you prepared
look really good.
The beans for black soy milk noodles,
sesame, and black sesame,
and even tomatoes and eggs are perfect.
(Thanks to that, setup was completed smoothly)
They'll be tasty and filling soy milk noodles.
(Meanwhile, <I'm KARINA In Real Life, But In
An Alternate World, I'm 21-Year-Old Ji Min?>)
(The crew has been busy since morning)
(Fixed camera)
(Camera)
(Audio)
(Even props)
(The three-hour setup is almost complete)
(Current time, 11 AM)
Hello.
Director, the office worker actor has arrived.
(The actors have also arrived on set)
So this is kind of, then...
like a mockumentary?
I think so.
Ah, this is so hard for me...
(While the actors introduce themselves)
I don't know what I'm supposed to do.
(Producer Nah has also arrived at the cafe)
Why are you already filming?
It's behind-the-scenes.
That makes me nervous.
(His tense, hunched back)
Well...
Please introduce the actors one by one.
(Producer Nah checks in with the actors first)
I thought we could meet briefly and talk.
Please come this way.
Where are our positions?
Where is the owner at the very beginning?
(Koo Hee Ryeong/Actor/Cult recruiter,
Yoo Hyeon Jong/Actor/Cafe owner)
(Moon Dong Ho/Actor/Couple (male))
(Gong Su Ho/Actor/Couple (female))
(Ji Woong Bae/Actor/Office worker)
(Camera director)
Jeong Pyo, can you come here?
Yes.
This is just to explain things...
and check everyone's positions.
(For now, he tries to keep it simple)
It would be best if you sit and listen.
You've probably heard
a rough explanation about today.
We're filming a variety show
with KARINA as the lead,
a short-form variety show,
something along those lines.
The title is...
Alternate...
Wait, what was the title again?
<I'm KARINA In Real Life, But In
An Alternate World, I'm 21-Year-Old Ji Min?>
"I'm KARINA In Real Life..."
(He must be nervous
He even forgot the title)
(Starts again)
Anyway, this...
may not follow the script.
Because KARINA really doesn't know anything
and is just coming.
(There are instructions for the alternate world)
She thinks she's just here to buy coffee, but...
"You're the part-timer."
"You have to work here."
When you say things like that,
KARINA will be...
"Uh, no, that's not it."
"I just came to buy coffee..."
(He naturally connects it to the storyline)
If she hesitates and reacts like that,
somehow pull her behind the counter,
and make sure you get
a two-shot of you and KARINA
standing together.
That is your first goal as the cafe owner.
Once you get that far,
you've crossed the biggest...
hurdle.
(The key opening part is explained)
(Next, they move on to another rehearsal)
(Lee Eun Gyeol/Antenna trainee/Cast by Yung Suk)
I'm actually an idol trainee.
(KARINA stand-in)
An actual idol trainee?
An actual idol trainee.
(An important scene where KARINA comes
face-to-face with her past self)
Oh, if we go this far...
I think KARINA will catch on.
She'll think, "Oh, she's a real trainee."
If she says it with that expression...
By coincidence, your story
is almost the same
as KARINA's story before her debut.
(Important role for him to cast himself)
She will probably give sincere advice.
As for that,
I hope you'll just speak honestly as yourself.
Then...
(Goal of this part, hearing heartfelt advice)
From here on, ask like she's a real senior.
(The first rehearsal ends)
I'll step aside over here for a moment.
Ah, is this going to work?
(His nerves do not ease in this new genre)
(He checks the cue sheet one more time)
(Will today's shoot end well?)
Hello.
(The writer who helped
with the junior producer's setup came over)
(Yung Suk approaches, wandering over)
Later...
Naevis, what was it...
When sending the instructions,
I'm thinking of using a laptop
instead of the phone.
Shouldn't the text already be prepared
so we can keep copying and pasting?
Oh, we prepared the important ones like that.
The important ones, the longer ones are ready.
(@Monitor room)
We can do it from here.
(He came to check how to send instructions)
Ju Seong, let's try sending that.
Actually, I...
(Including instruction delivery)
want to do a full rehearsal,
but the actors have to eat...
- Isn't it lunchtime for them?
- It's at 1 PM.
At 1 PM?
So there's still one hour until (mealtime).
Oh, then...
including sending in the instructions,
if we run one full rehearsal,
(He wants a proper full rehearsal while he can)
it'll help the camera directors as well.
For KARINA's role...
You can do it, or someone, you, maybe...
(He plans to use a KARINA stand-in too)
Do you want to do it?
- Gyeong Hee?
- Will you do it, Gyeong Hee?
What do you think?
Do you want to be KARINA?
- Be KARINA.
- Yes.
(Ryu Gyeong Hee/Producer
/From now on, Karyuna)
Let's try it like this.
We'll do the rehearsal from earlier
one more time, exactly the same.
But in this rehearsal, directors,
(KARINA stand-in)
please record all the actors
reacting to and speaking to Gyeong Hee.
Later,
between the real take and this one,
(Insert cuts are filmed during rehearsal too)
we can use whichever is better.
Treat it like an actual shoot.
We'll also send instructions
from the monitor room.
(The second rehearsal is a full rehearsal)
That's how we'll try shooting it.
(Producer Nah will be in the monitor room
as in the real shoot)
(Carefully checks audio even during rehearsal)
Shouldn't we mic the KARINA role to hear her?
(The actors are ready for rehearsal too)
Just give me the cue to come in later,
when you're ready.
(Karyuna and Dr. Kim are ready too)
Okay, then let's try a full rehearsal.
Everyone can just stay in character.
Okay, let's try it.
(Cue sign)
(The second rehearsal begins)
(Scene 1 KARINA enters the other world)
Two iced americanos, please.
Ji Min, are you kidding right now?
Sorry?
(The acting begins in earnest)
Hurry and get to work. Come in.
(He can't even sit properly
because he's so focused)
Hurry and get to work.
Come in. Hurry.
Here, put this on.
(Yung Suk, watching, suddenly steps forward)
This is good,
but you moved behind the counter too quickly.
Be a little more confused.
When you put the apron on her,
pull her behind the counter.
KARINA probably won't even think
about going in there at first.
(He puts effort into this key opening part)
Show her the apron and just pull her this way...
Let's try it one more time.
(#4 KARINA receives the phone)
"I want to clock out." This is yours, Ji Min.
Here.
Make sure to check it.
(This part includes sending instructions)
Okay, send (the instruction).
(At Producer Nah's direction,
she sent the first instruction)
(Peek)
(Checking if the instruction
was received properly)
(#16 KARINA ends up driving)
I'll clock out now, boss.
I'll park (the car).
Okay, the location of the final Port Of Soul.
(The rehearsal ends
with the final instruction sent)
Okay, with this level of rehearsal...
From the part where she gets in the car onward,
I think it'll be fine.
If we can film it just about this way,
today's shoot will go well.
It'll go well.
(Anyway) thanks in advance.
Great work.
(Camera director)
Jeong Pyo, what do you think? If we go...
like this, can you get the single shots?
(He checks the cameras as soon as it ends)
No matter what,
KARINA's single shots are the most important.
Think of this as a dramatized piece,
so the actors here,
we need their single shots too.
Got it.
(They decide to eat before filming)
Let's eat, and then prepare...
(Meanwhile, at the <Not the Met Gala,
but the Maetdol Gala> set)
They said you can go downstairs.
Our filming team will go down.
(Today's guest finally arrives)
Hello.
(The star of the first battle, aespa's KARINA)
Nice to meet you. I'm KARINA.
(KARINA brought snacks for the crew herself)
Thank you.
You brought us snacks.
We'll enjoy them.
Our <Nah Yung Suk vs. Junior Producer>...
Yes.
Thank you for agreeing so readily.
(Q. How did you feel
when you first heard about the program?)
It sounded like it would be fun,
but honestly, I'm nervous.
(Even the guest finds out on the day)
They didn't tell me anything at all.
(Q. Why did you join anyway?)
First of all,
I really like <Channel 15ya>.
I also like <0.5ya>...
I like <0.5ya> too.
That's who I am.
(It turns out KARINA is a Sub too)
So I really wanted to do it
when the offer came in.
Our first shoot will be
with the junior producer, Cheon Ji In.
(Q. What content do you expect?)
(Thinking)
What do I expect?
She said there'd be some kind of party.
She told me to bring a jacket.
(Maetdol Gala dress code)
(She definitely didn't say what kind of party)
(@eggiscoming live room)
Hello.
She's Producer Cheon Ji In.
(The two meet for the first time)
Hello.
- Hello.
- I'm Cheon Ji In.
- Thanks in advance.
- Shall we sit there for a moment?
(For the junior producer,
this is her first cast reading ever)
(After greeting each other for the Nth time,
they sit down through the awkwardness)
- Hello.
Today, on the fourth floor,
- you heard we're having a party, right?
- Yes.
It is a party, right?
(Suspicious to the end)
It is a party. It is.
Am I partying alone?
You'll be the one partying.
(Entrance ticket appears)
This is the ticket you'll need to enter.
(KARINA opens it right away)
This is low-key annoying.
(Party member, KARINA (one person))
Please put on the jacket you brought
and make your entrance again.
It will be a bit hot, but...
thanks in advance.
(Bows again)
(They bow deeply to each other
and the reading ends)
One, two, three.
(Filming begins)
(KARINA enters the party venue)
I feel like I should sit on my knees.
Now, as you grind the millstone,
please make it comfortably,
using your own recipe, KARINA.
(The shoot proceeds calmly)
That's all you need to do.
Ah, the black (beans).
Actually, I was just
asking Gemini for a recipe.
First, tell me how to make soy milk noodles.
The top recommended combination is
basil, arugula, and chili
for Italian-fusion soy milk noodles.
(A never-before-seen recipe appears)
(Joking)
Ah, I wasn't planning to make it this good.
Then I'll go with
Italian fusion soy milk noodles.
(Recipe saved for now)
This will be fun.
(A dish to look forward to
thanks to the fresh recipe)
(The Maetdol Gala party begins in earnest)
Here's the first quiz.
The Maet-ter is,
how old is KARINA?
(The shoot keeps the fun mood they intended)
(Meanwhile, before they know it)
Producer Cheon,
we have 40 minutes of filming time left.
(Their allotted filming time is running out)
(Producer Cheon Ji In adjusts
the second half on the spot)
Let's do one or two questions she can answer,
and then stop (grinding the millstone).
Stop grinding? Then...
I think we're good.
(Before they know it,
the soybean broth is ready)
(While KARINA goes to the garden
to pick ingredients)
Should we put a handheld cam in the garden?
A fixed cam?
Would it be better
for the camera directors to follow her?
Should we just cover one angle?
(She checks every detail
despite the tight schedule)
(Installing an additional camera)
(Thanks to that, they got more varied cuts)
(Meanwhile, KARINA's soy milk noodles
are completed)
It's so much better than we expected.
Exactly.
Does it spin?
(Before they know it,
only the final segment remains)
Once she gets the sticker,
if she puts (the noodles) right here,
(the turntable) spins.
(The photo wall setup check is done too)
Okay, photographers, did you get nice shots?
- Yes.
All right, then the soy milk noodles debut
is a success.
Success.
- Congratulations.
- Thank you.
(Thankfully, all filming finished on time)
Phew, great job.
No problem. It was fun.
Why does it look so pretty spinning?
(I can't stop looking at my soy milk noodles)
(She takes a commemorative photo herself)
(Q. How did you feel filming
<Not the Met Gala, but the Maetdol Gala>?)
It was something I'd never experienced before.
You don't often get to grind a millstone
on a wooden platform,
and having a meal...
with a CEO from another company was new too.
It was just so much fun.
The weather was great,
and it was fun.
I...
(Whispering)
think she'll win.
I think the junior producer will win.
I haven't done (Yung Suk's shoot) yet,
but so far.
(The two meet again)
When I become a big-time producer
in ten years, I'll come back...
- You can do it.
- Thank you.
Ji In was born in 2001.
(One year younger than KARINA)
Call me sis.
(Full sister energy)
- You rarely work with a younger producer.
- Exactly.
(This shoot must have been special
for both of them)
(Good luck)
She says you'll win.
Really?
I haven't done it with Producer Nah yet,
but so far, it's 1 to 0.
(KARINA supports the junior producer to the end)
Thank you.
Great work today.
(The shoot wraps safely)
Today was the day the plan
you and Gemini created together came to life.
(Q. How do you feel about the shoot?)
First, I feel so relieved.
I couldn't sleep properly yesterday,
but starting today,
I think I can finally sleep easy.
And...
this almost purely imaginary story...
called <Not the Met Gala, but the Maetdol Gala>
came to life today
thanks to everyone who worked hard with me.
All the producers, writers, and directors,
(Bowing for the Nth time today)
thank you. Thank you so much.
(A day she was grateful to many people)
It's basically an acceptance speech.
- Great work.
- Thank you.
(<Not the Met Gala, but the Maetdol Gala>
shoot wraps)
(Meanwhile, at Producer Nah's set)
(After the meal, a short break)
(Staring)
Is that Da Som?
(The writer who finished
the junior producer's shoot came over)
Why does Da Som look so...
Why is she back looking like that?
(A little exhausted)
Are you okay?
Wow, you worked hard.
Did (the <Maetdol Gala> shoot) go well?
Who knows?
(Oh)
Why are you trying so hard to keep it secret?
(Pressed)
I mean, is this...
classified?
I mean...
I thought you might get nervous
for the second half.
Oh, me?
It went well, didn't it?
- It must've gone well.
- Oh, so it went well.
Haha.
(Anxiety)
I guess it went well.
(Keeping the rival in check)
Ah, I guess it was fun.
But that...
Should we call it successful?
Ah...
(He has been properly pressed)
She seems happy. She came back happy.
Hey, but...
I'm being really, really honest.
I'm nervous for the first time in so long.
(The 26-year veteran is shaken)
Now,
seeing Da Som's expression...
Hmm.
(He grows anxious
as the junior team seems to have done well)
(Suddenly, his throat feels dry)
(Current time, 2:20 PM)
(Ten minutes before filming starts)
(As filming approaches,
he has a lot on his mind)
Sir, could we...
run through it again, just roughly,
one more time?
Oh, that'd be great.
(He's asked for one last rehearsal)
I was actually thinking
maybe...
we should try it one more time.
(Third rehearsal)
(#1 KARINA enters the alternate world)
Iced americano...
(#7 Explaining compliment stickers)
One compliment sticker from customers.
(#9 KARINA celebrates the couple's anniversary)
That's so nice.
(#10 KARINA helps the office worker with a poem)
His name is Rhee Myung Han.
(The third rehearsal moves along quickly)
(As they race through the rehearsal,)
(the crew arrives to start filming)
We'll just... stop (the rehearsal) here and go.
I think that'd be better too.
(2:30 PM, the promised filming time approaches)
Compared to the others, I'm still inexperienced
and I tend to struggle with it.
(Pretends not to notice)
Ah, dancing...
You're a bit weak at dancing.
(Stubbornly)
You had a bit of a hard time...
(Pushes on with rehearsal, perhaps from nerves)
Has that happened before?
We'll stop here.
(They eventually stop the rehearsal)
(Now it really is time to film)
(After three rounds of rehearsal)
Please leave enough time to get reactions...
After she gets the message...
Which way is Hakdong Station?
If she circles around and comes back here, I...
(He changes ending location for the shot)
Maybe we'll change it like that.
Jeong Pyo, what do you think?
If we go like this...
(Camera movement is also checked)
can you get the single shots?
(Producer Nah has finished all preparations)
(Nervous)
(The set grows tense too)
Are we going?
Are we going by car?
We'll take this car
and come right back.
I get out of the car,
briefly say hello to KARINA,
and get in, right?
Then we do the briefing in the live room.
(Current time, 2:30 PM)
(Leaving for the shoot)
(@eggiscoming)
(They arrive at the company)
Where is she? I'll just go to the restroom...
and I'll come down.
(He looks for the restroom first,
perhaps from nerves)
(@Live room)
I didn't know we'd be going (outside).
(KARINA is waiting for Producer Nah)
Director, do you know everything
about what we're doing?
(She seems anxious
with no information about the shoot)
(Desperate)
Do you know?
(Producer Nah enters just in time)
You must be so tired.
It's been a lot, right?
When did you get back to (Korea)?
Take a seat.
I got back to Korea the day before yesterday.
- The day before yesterday?
- Yes.
After Mexico...
How long were you there?
Three days?
(He starts with small talk to lighten the mood)
Two days in Mexico.
Mm...
As you know, I...
am now with a junior producer
(Producer Nah gets to the point)
in a kind of battle.
- It was fun.
- I was hoping the first shoot would go badly...
It was fun?
- It was fun.
- Ah...
Now I'm nervous.
(He loses confidence before even starting)
I may have made a mistake...
(Not her problem)
Is my 25-year career crumbling here?
(Belated regret)
(Checks again)
Did you enjoy it?
(Final confirmation)
I enjoyed it.
She said she'd trample you and climb over you...
(He's intimidated again by his bold junior)
Oh, this is bad.
This might be my last shoot.
You might be my last guest.
The finale.
(First, he explains the creative intent)
Let me explain the background just a little.
When we filmed <Chattering with Nah> together,
you talked about those hard memories
from when you were 21.
Back then...
you briefly said things like,
"My life feels stuck on that day."
We briefly talked about that, remember?
I actually took inspiration from that
and made this program.
Just two things.
(Final requests before he steps out)
I'll ask you here, then step out.
First,
while you're filming, you'll get a phone.
Yes.
Please keep that phone with you,
and pay close attention to the messages.
Don't put it down.
Second,
uh...
Well, that's it.
Second, uh, well...
Don't panic, just...
No quitting halfway?
You said you like games and things, right?
I do.
You like games and <Infinite Challenge>, right?
Didn't you grow up
watching <Infinite Challenge>?
(Don't say that)
<Infinite Challenge>, of course.
(Petty)
You're totally an <Infinite Challenge> kid.
No, I'm not.
Uh, anyway,
just think of it as having
(One last request for smooth filming)
a fun experience for about an hour.
Shall we go?
Let's go.
Please tell them we're headed that way.
(Filming begins)
Ah...
What if I lose to Ji In?
(He gets into the car first, nervous)
Oh wow.
(KARINA gets into the car after him)
Is this car for a Class 2 or Class 1 license?
(KARINA shows interest in the car first)
Look at her.
Have you practiced (driving) since then?
Just once yesterday.
In what kind of car?
A Carnival.
(He subtly asks about driving too)
A company car?
How was it?
I was really good.
I was amazing.
Okay, we're off.
(Finally, he takes KARINA
into the alternate world)
(@Back at the cafe)
(The actors wait
after getting the departure notice)
(The car arrives right on cue)
(KARINA gets out of the car to buy coffee)
(Go ahead)
(Producer Nah gets out after her)
(He carefully enters
without disrupting the shoot)
(Arrives at the monitor room)
Where are we?
She just ordered the iced americano.
(After checking the situation)
(He immediately focuses on monitoring)
(#1 KARINA orders coffee)
You're always late.
Huh?
Really?
Hey.
Seriously? Really?
(Still unable to relax)
Look at this.
- "Yoo Ji Min."
- Oh.
(It seems to be going smoothly)
You worked here all month. What are you saying?
(Yung Suk is somehow tense)
Only when you put the apron on her,
pull her in here.
KARINA probably won't even think
about going in there at first.
(The reality-alternate world connection)
Show her the apron and just pull her that way...
(Will KARINA accept the alternate world?)
You not showing up to work is the accident.
Put it on, hurry. Here.
Here.
Thank you. Are you the cafe owner?
(Almost too easy)
Of course. It says so here.
"Yoo Ji Min."
Ah.
(Producer Nah finally smiles)
(#4 KARINA receives the phone)
This looks like yours, Ji Min.
Messages keep coming in.
That's your phone, Ji Min.
Yes, it is mine...
(The timing to send
the first instruction is near)
Send (the instruction).
(Alarm rings)
This is so annoying.
(Proud)
Heehee.
She says it's so annoying.
(The reaction is more satisfying than expected)
How do I clock out?
Boss, I want to clock out.
(Asks to clock out even without instructions)
What time do I clock out?
Good, we don't need the second...
We don't need the second instruction.
Play the (news) video.
(Yung Suk forgot the news cue)
If you give the play-video cue, I'll play it.
Please play the (news) video.
(Signal delivered)
I'm now, oh...
(Thankfully, the video plays just in time)
Ohoho.
Heehee.
(He forgot, but things keep moving smoothly)
(#11 KARINA takes out the trash)
I think
she'll put (the sticker) on in five minutes.
Five minutes.
What about that gentleman?
(The cafe owner is supposed to
ask KARINA to take out the trash)
Hmm.
Boss...
(He seems to have forgotten the trash request)
Is she a trainee or something?
Trash, trash, trash, trash.
He forgot the trash bag.
The cafe owner forgot.
Ah, suddenly...
He forgot.
The cafe owner forgot.
(He hurries to signal the cafe owner)
Hey.
Trash.
Ah...
(He finally catches on)
Ji Min, come here.
This...
Could you take out the trash?
Oh, the trash.
Ah.
(This crisis passes smoothly too)
(#17 KARINA drives)
Then I'll move the car for you.
Oh, sure.
Then I'll leave now.
(KARINA leaves to drive)
(Jumps up)
(He follows to check the outside situation)
(The driving part
he had looked forward to since planning)
Ah...
(The car departs with everyone focused)
Okay, okay, good, good.
She'll be back in three minutes.
You all did so well.
Everyone did so well.
Thank you.
Now we just need to finish well.
Please stay seated,
then later follow the cafe owner outside.
All go out and say, "What's wrong with her?"
(He rechecks the ending movement)
You just need to do that well.
(This instruction) should go out
around when she arrives.
(He checks the final instruction once more)
Okay.
(Meanwhile,
the car is rounding the final corner)
(She's almost here)
She's here, she's here, she's here.
Okay, just watch for the beeping.
Very good.
(She attempts the difficult parking maneuver)
Okay, straighten up and back up slowly.
Uh, uh...
Uhh...
Uhhhhhh.
Ah...
(For the first time in ages,
he nearly aged ten years on set)
(#18 KARINA shouts at the P.O.S)
They're making me embarrass myself.
Okay, let's go.
Please say, "What's wrong with her?"
(The cafe owner moves
at Producer Nah's direction)
What is she doing?
(The others move too)
She's doing something weird.
(The other actors begin acting too)
Isn't that the part-timer from earlier?
Oh, you're right.
Yes, she's the part-timer here.
Go outside.
(The actors come outside
at Producer Nah's direction)
(#19 Ending)
Anarika ma I.
Huh? Isn't that KARINA?
Oh, KARINA. No way.
(The actors start acting
as if they recognize KARINA)
(Producer Nah uses the moment
to step outside and wrap up)
(He watches the reaction
a little longer from afar)
KARINA.
You said you were going to buy coffee,
- Right.
- so why are you here?
(And just like that, the alternate world ends)
Yes.
(Now it's time to end filming)
Okay, that's it.
- Great work.
Oh, that was fun...
(Thankfully, the shoot wrapped safely)
Okay, let's go inside and wrap up.
Great work. You're good.
No, I'm not.
Wow, you're good.
You were so much more...
(Impressed)
natural playing along than I expected.
(Producer Nah is quite satisfied with the shoot)
I'm exhausted.
Thank you for singing for us.
- Not at all.
- I really didn't mean to keep a straight face.
I couldn't hold back.
(The actors belatedly offer explanations
that aren't quite explanations)
You worked so hard.
Are you really a trainee?
- Yes, I'm really a trainee.
- Really?
Oh my.
I'm really not a cult recruiter.
(No way)
A side job?
(<I'm KARINA In Real Life, But In An Alternate
World, I'm 21-Year-Old Ji Min?> shoot wraps)
Today's Nah Yung Suk vs. Junior Producer shoot
wraps here.
Wow, great work.
(Filming ends)
(Q. How did you feel about today's shoot?)
It was fun.
I've been a producer for 25 years,
but today's shoot
was something I'd never done before.
The one thing I regret is,
since it's a variety show,
we had to include funny situations,
and as we added this and that,
the narrative immersion
seems to have dropped a bit.
But it was still fun.
I'm satisfied.
(Q. What would you change for the next battle?)
When a guest comes on,
that guest...
something that guest might like,
or something...
they might want to do. I'll think about that
and try that.
I really never imagined
we'd do something like this.
I...
Whether I did well...
I don't remember
right now.
Oh, but...
I'm so curious
what the next guests will be asked to do.
You worked so hard today.
It was fun.
(A message to KARINA, who worked hard today)
It was fun? That's a relief.
Even though it was quite flustering too.
But you didn't seem flustered at all.
Really?
I do tend to adapt quickly.
Anyway...
- Great work.
(They say their final goodbyes)
Great work.
(KARINA leaves the set)
Bye, RINA. Great work, and thank you.
You all worked so hard.
It was my first time doing a shoot like this.
It's not something we usually do.
It was our first time too.
It was everyone's first time.
It was my first time, and yours too.
But thanks to you, it went well.
Thank you so much for your work.
Do we need any pickup shots?
We're good.
We're good? Then can we send the actors home?
You can go home.
Thank you.
(Today's shoot came together
through everyone's efforts)
- Great work.
(They wrap things up now)
(One week later)
(The two producers finished editing
with their team producers)
(Edit screening)
With a dramatized piece like this,
this one moment of hesitation, kind of...
(After feedback, each finished their clip)
I was similar to the cut before she ground it...
(The two clips were uploaded)
(We now reveal the results of Round 1)
(July 6 (Mon))
It's not over yet.
- Over.
- It's over.
(Voting closed)
(Tallying results)
(Yoon Jun Wi/Finance team
/Math major from a prestigious U.S. university)
Here are the views.
(Views <Alternate World> 882,301
/ <Maetdol Gala> 847,138)
(Views, Producer Nah wins)
(Likes, <Alternate World> 26,036
/ <Maetdol Gala> 26,145)
(Likes, Junior Producer wins)
(Votes, <Alternate World> 14,661
/ <Maetdol Gala> 15,187)
(Votes, Junior Producer wins)
(Truncated to two decimal places,
calculated as the sum of each weighted ratio)
(Round 1, Producer Nah wins
by 0.42 percentage points)
(Round 1 comes to an end)
(July 10 (Fri), 6 PM)
(Round 2)
(Yoo Hye Jeong/Junior producer/2nd year)
(Mission topic revealed)
(Jung Jun Ha and Park Myung Soo, HA AND SOO)
(Two competing videos starring HA AND SOO)
(<Introducing My Friend's Hate Comments>)
(<Real-Time Tracking LIVE, Tag>)
(Who Made This?
Vote for your favorite clip)
(Nah Yung Suk vs. Junior Producer
with Google Gemini)
(<I'm KARINA In Real Life, But In An Alternate World,
I'm 21-Year-Old Ji Min?> Directed by Nah Yung Suk)
(<Not the Met Gala, but the Maetdol Gala>
Directed by Cheon Ji In)
(Nah Yung Suk vs. Junior Producer
with Google Gemini)